# Post-Covid-traffic-behavior
This project was done to analyze the traffic pattern with respect to pre and post covid.

This report discusses our key messages and findings from the analysis that we have done for Urban Mobility. Access to urban services is in higher demand in nations like the United States (89 percent of the US population is predicted to live in urban areas by 2050), putting additional strain on our public transportation networks. Based on this pattern, it's evident that a restructuring of urban transportation is required to counteract the expanding population, and we'll show you how to do it. Our society's ability to operate depends on our ability to move about in cities. It serves as a portal to our daily life, allowing us to access housing, employment, and city services. And, while online services have decreased part of the reliance on transportation in the urban mobility scene, they haven't totally eliminated it—rather, they have pushed it to adapt to new needs.

Urban mobility helps to facilitate population expansion by allowing growing communities to access services in a timely and efficient way. Traffic congestion and increased demand for public transportation are two of the most significant consequences of population growth, both of which can be alleviated by changing the current state of urban mobility and moving toward new modes of transportation that go beyond traditional modes like private car ownership and public transportation. Urban growth necessitates the development of sustainable and efficient mobility alternatives and services that evolve in tandem with society. And without a Sustainable Urban Mobility Plan, none of this will be possible.
